# SNHU_SystemAnalysis
Contains the business requirements and system design documents for the DriverPass  Project 

This project had us design a system for a client called DriverPass, which was an online platform for driving students designed to prepare them for DMV driving tests 
through online lessons and tests.  The system also required an online scheduling component for students to be matched with driving instructors for on-the-road driving lessons. I thought that I did a good job at capturing all of the functional and nonfunctional requirements. In the system design document , I felt that my use case diagram described an overview of all of the major functions of the system as well. The one part of these documents I would revise would be the techinical requirements in the system design document . I would add more specific approaches and software/tools needed to design some of the interfaces such as the owner's interface. I interpreted the users needs by translating the desired functionality into functional requirements and the requests of how things should run / platform constraints into non-functional requirements. For example, the admin stressed the need for the system to be a hybrid cloud model where security and backups were managed by a third party. I made sure that this was clear in the requirements and chose platforms and methods to design the system for this in both documents. I also took in the neccessary paramters from the client to create activity diagrams that accurately depicted some of the use cases.  The users' needs are of the utmost importance since of course, they are the ones using the system upon completion. I approach designing software by first taking in the use cases, zooming in and describing  the processes of each, and then planning the software/hardware they'll run on . Techniques I'll use in the future will include better requirements gathering through interviewing and jad sessions, and designing many more UML diagrams.
